# codefundo
codefundo++_october_2018
# Platform to notify organiztions working in welfare of society in realtime.
It happens very frequently , that though effective solutions to the aftermath caused by a disaster exists , but have not been effective due to lack of realtime/timely deployment , or because of lack of effective and precise communication. The NEWS covers large disaster , but the depth of the scenario screams to the fact that a solution will only be effective , if employed over larger set of problems , rather that some specific issues . For eg, the disaster at very large scale often procure lot of attention , which is awesome , but if we collect the data for small disaster , in which conditions have worsened due to lack of proper management; results can be shocking.
We plan to create a platform , where people may notify about the what happened to them , get insant relevant remedies( if possible , since a database will be created from past issues and verified over time regularly , and will serve as refrence to match the current issue ) and also notify to contributors ( ie NGO's etc. who may not get notified due to lack of communication ) in real time.
The platform ( or website ) will be open to general public , who may pitch issues , and may wish to categorize them. Also , the contributers will have different interface , where they may address the issure , pertainable by them.
If not categorized , that would be open to general initally , until someone chooses to resolve it, and when resolved will be placed in database , so that it may be used to categorize and sort later.
We plan to target rural sector, which is majorly effected.
To examplify , lets say someone notices a building slide or land slide. Then they may need to notify lot of people simultaneously , where as many wont even know about complete list. So people can just push notify under this category , and thus website shall handle the further notifying process , by analyzing the quickest accessible solution.
